DOCS-2254: Organize TrueCommand 2.0 Image Fies (#1299)
truenas/documentation: content/TrueCommand/Administration/Settings/_index.md

{{< tab "About" >}}
The **About** tab contains the current TrueCommand system ID and version, contact information for iXsystems, and license details. 

![AdministrationAbout](/images/TrueCommand/2.0/TC20AdministrationAbout.png "Administration Configuration")

### Updating the License

> TrueCommand can be expanded to monitor more disks by upgrading or purchasing a license from iXsystems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can expand TrueCommand to monitor more disks by upgrading or purchasing a license from iXsystems.
```
